Welcome to our program. Our focus this month is baptism. How does a person
progress from Bible student to baptize Christian? We'll hear from many who
successfully completed the journey. Sometimes as students gain Bible
knowledge, they realize they need to make a major change in their life. That was
the case with this brother. We'll see how he met the challenge. And our new
music video beautifully shows the joy experienced by those who dedicate their
life to Jehovah. This is the March 2020 edition of JW Broadcasting. Imagine for a
moment that you're planning a road trip. You have everything you need, a map, a
car, and plenty of fuel. Before you start the engine though, you need to know
your destination, wouldn't you agree? If you don't know where you're trying to go,
you won't know which road to take. The same is true of our ministry, which is in a
sense like that road trip. As Acts 1348 shows, we're always searching for those
who are rightly disposed for everlasting life. We have everything we need for the
journey, including all the tools in our teaching toolbox. But what would you say
is our destination. What's the most important goal that we're trying to accomplish
in our ministry? Is it placing literature, directing people to JW.work, making
return visits, starting Bible studies, educating people about the Bible, or making
disciples of Christ Jesus and baptizing them? Each of those goals has value. But which one
is our primary goal? What's the destination that we want to reach? Jesus identified it
at Matthew chapter 28 and verses 19 and 20. There he said, go therefore and make disciples
of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son
and of the Holy Spirit, teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you.
Our destination, then, is a baptized disciple. Each person we meet, each piece of literature
that we place, each time we direct attention to the website, each return visit we make,
each Bible study we conduct. We should have the final goal of making a baptized disciple.
Why is baptism essential? Put simply, it's because baptism is necessary for salvation. That's
what the Bible tells us at 1 Peter chapter 3 and verse 21. Baptism is also now saving
you not by the removing of the filth of the flesh, but by the request of God for a good conscience
through the resurrection of Jesus Christ. So from the time we meet an interested person,
we want to have our eyes on that goal of making a baptized disciple. In fact, the November
1977 kingdom ministry made this statement regarding those we study with. Our discussions
should reflect a genuine personal interest in the student as a potential disciple and therefore
a potential brother or sister in the faith. If we don't have that endpoint of a baptized disciple
fixed firmly in mind, we could end up stuck on side roads. For example, watch this video and see
if you can identify the problem that our brother has. Going out and fill service after lunch?
Yes, I'm going to be there, but I've got going to visit that guy to make. My neighbor lost his job
after 20 years and as a result, he's got to move out of his house, got to move into an apartment.
Decided to go help him out a little bit to pack up. Make a little easier for him to make that move.
You know, want to be nice a time period where we don't have to worry about economic troubles like that.
Yeah, it will. You know, that's why I'm so happy that my grandchildren chose to go for higher education.
They both landed good job on that bridge that you cross when you come here. You've noticed that
they're starting to do some work on it and that's pretty extensive work. They're going to replace
that whole bridge. So according to the newspaper article, it's going to be like a six to eight month
project. That is a long time. Chris, the reason I came by is I wanted to show you this magazine.
I love these. They're so well written. Isaiah 48, 17 is a key scripture here.
Notice what it says, I Jehovah and your God, the one teaching you to benefit yourself.
That's familiar. I think your dad read that to me once or twice. How's your dad doing anyway?
Doing good? You know, they said they've got more Bible says than they can even cover in one week.
Well, well, you know, I can remember when you and your dad came here and you were a little kid about
this high and you just stayed right by our side and your dad was so proud.
You know, Chris, I know my dad had offered to stay the Bible with you in the past.
John, to be honest, I'm too old to change. I said in my ways now, I think that God's just
going to have to take me the way I am. Or chocolate. Yeah.
Could you identify with the brother in that video? Have you ever had a return visit with someone
who just loves your company? Perhaps you've been leaving literature with that person for months,
even years, and yet the person has no genuine interest in progressing.
Why is that a problem? Apparently, the person isn't interested in becoming a disciple of Christ Jesus.
Our time would be better spent searching for other people who are rightly disposed for ever
lasting life. Of course, that doesn't mean that there's no value in placing literature
or leaving contact cards that direct people to JW.org. These provisions are part of our teaching
toolbox for a reason. They can play a vital role in reaching the hearts of those who are
rightly disposed. So continue to make good use of these tools that Jehovah's Organization provides.
At the same time, never lose sight of your goal to start Bible studies with interested ones
and then the ultimate goal to make disciples baptizing them.
What about a person you've been studying with for years? But the person isn't making changes,
hasn't stopped going to church and shows no real interest in attending Christian meetings.
Some people are glad to study the Bible with us simply for the fact that they value Bible education,
and we love to teach people about the Bible. But we have to remember that providing Bible education
for its own sake is not our primary goal. In fact, it could be a side road. The fact is,
some people who value Bible education are not interested in becoming baptized disciples of Jesus.
The world's full of Bible scholars who are highly educated in the Bible, but who do not become
disciples of Christ Jesus. For example, one Bible scholar was educated at a Bible institute,
a religious college, and a theological seminary. He holds a doctorate in religious studies.
He has a thorough knowledge of biblical Greek, and he's written 30 books about the Bible,
yet he describes himself as an agnostic atheist. So just providing Bible education is not our
primary goal. We want people to build faith in God and to have their own relationship with
Jehovah that will move them toward the destination of dedication and baptism. That's why it's important
to honestly analyze the progress of our Bible students. Are they simply taking in knowledge?
Do they prepare in advance for the study? Do they answer in their own words? And from their heart,
are they making changes in their life to conform to what they've learned? Are they attending
and benefiting from Christian meetings? If not, we may need to follow the advice of the
Kingdom Ministry of October 1988, which stated, if a student is not making meaningful progress
after you've patiently aided him over a reasonable period of time. It may be best to use the time
to better advantage searching for deserving ones. Depending on the circumstances, it may be wise
to discontinue the study. But why is it so important to be selective about who we spend our time with?
Isn't conducting an unproductive study better than knocking on doors where no one's home,
or where no one shows interest? To answer that. Let's read Jesus' words at Matthew chapter 10
verses 11 to 13. Now, when instructing his disciples about how to conduct their ministry,
Jesus said, into whatever city or village you enter, search out who in it is deserving and stay there
until you leave. When you enter the house, greet the household. If the house is deserving,
let the peace you wish it come upon it. But if it is not deserving, let the peace from you return
upon you. In harmony with those verses, we want to focus our attention on deserving ones,
as Jesus instructed, people who are rightly disposed for everlasting life.
Obviously, there is a balance. We need to be patient with those we call on and study with,
and not everyone progresses at the same rate. But as we call on people and study with them,
we should never lose sight of our goal, our destination, to make disciples baptizing them.
If we have that goal clearly in mind, we'll know when we are moving toward it,
and we'll know when we are getting sidetracked. We could illustrate it like this.
Think of a plane on a runway. That plane is like a person you've visited,
and you believe shows sincere interest in the Bible's message. Your short term goal at this point
is to get them off the runway and into a Bible study. If you do, that means the plane is taken off.
But once your study is airborne, you have to keep your sights on your destination.
You can't just stay in the air indefinitely. Your goal is to make a baptized disciple.
If in a reasonable amount of time the student isn't progressing, what will you do?
To keep the study going would be like flying in circles. In the same way,
a Bible study that simply suspended in the air goes nowhere.
We have to land the plane either at the destination of a baptized disciple
or at the termination of the study. But what if something's holding your Bible student back
from the destination of baptism, maybe an attachment to holiday celebrations,
or an unclean habit like smoking? Notice how this issue arises in the following brief video.
When I started studying the Bible, there were various factors that hindered my study.
I was a truck driver and I was on the road a lot. I had the worst kind of friendships and I smoked.
I smoked an average 60 cigarettes a day. I realised that if I was going to make the needed adjustments,
I had to change my profession. So I changed my job. But if I wanted to get baptized, I had to stop smoking.
I cut down to two or three cigarettes a day. One day I bought a single cigarette.
I lit it and I prayed to Jehovah. I begged him to help me and he did help me,
so much so that I never smoked again and to this day I don't even have the urge to smoke.
Ten years after my first Bible study I was baptized. I've been serving Jehovah for 20 years now,
along with my wife and all my children.
Did you notice this man had to pray to Jehovah to get the help he needed to overcome smoking?
In other words, he had to cultivate his own relationship with Jehovah in order to build the faith
he needed to stop smoking. In the same way, we need to help our students to build their own
relationship with Jehovah so that they'll also overcome any obstacles that might hold them back
from progressing to baptism. But what if you're not presently conducting a Bible study?
What if you've never had the privilege of having one of your Bible students get baptized?
Does that mean your service to Jehovah is not valuable? Not at all. Remember,
we each do our part in the ministry. Do you remember what the Apostle Paul said at 1 Corinthians 3,
6 and 7? I planted Apollo's water, but God kept making it grow so that neither is the one who
plants anything nor is the one who waters, but God who makes it grow. So never feel that your
efforts are unimportant. Just as Paul said, what's accomplished in the ministry is a group effort.
When a person reaches baptism, it isn't just because of the effort of the person who conducted
the study. The efforts of others played a role. Perhaps someone else initiated that person's interest
by placing literature or in some other way giving a witness. But remember what Paul said.
Jehovah is the one who makes it grow. He's the one that's drawing to himself those who are
rightly disposed for everlasting life. What a privilege we have to be fellow workers with
Jehovah as we help people become disciples of Christ Jesus. If we keep that goal clearly in
mind, how will it help us? We won't be content just to place literature or just to direct interest
to JW.org. We won't be satisfied just making return visits or starting Bible studies.
We'll always have in mind our primary destination, making disciples of Christ and baptizing them.
We of the governing body wish you, Jehovah's rich blessing as you work shoulder to shoulder with us
in helping rightly disposed ones become baptized disciples of Jesus. In our first video,
we'll hear from several brothers and sisters about how they progress to baptism.
We'll learn answers to questions commonly asked about baptism. What does it take to qualify?
What does one need to work on? What's the actual day of baptism like? And what blessings can you
expect after baptism? I enjoyed associating with Jehovah's Witnesses. Later, I also started to study
the Bible. I knew that I had to make drastic changes in my life, but my job prevented me from doing so.
So I asked myself, what would I like to do with my life? I began studying the Bible again with the
couple. And one month later, started attending meetings regularly.
Since our parents had stopped studying, only three of us went to the meetings.
Jehovah could do a lot with you. Jehovah can, you know, your whole perspective can change.
I knew if I applied what I learned, Jehovah would not let me down.
To strengthen my relationship with Jehovah, I read the Bible daily and I pray.
My relationship with Jehovah has gotten stronger. When I pray now, it feels like I'm talking to my
close friend. Going on service more, I think it really helped me to draw closer to Jehovah and
making the kingdom feel real to me. And so that's why I wanted to get baptized.
What a great pleasure it was for me when four months later, I could dedicate myself to Jehovah and get
baptized. That made me so happy. Today is a very, very special day for me because today I'm getting
baptized. At the regional convention, August 9th, 2014, it was a beautiful day.
Now, when I think about my three children who got baptized today,
I feel my heart is full of joy and I really thank Jehovah.
Yeah, it's not a day. I don't go thank Jehovah from taking me out of the darkness.
If we are determined to be loyal to Jehovah and we have the courage to remain chased,
well, we won't have any regrets. To know that you have a Heavenly Father that cares about you,
that was the best feeling on earth. I often think, God, is it true? Is it real? Do I really deserve
to have all these blessings? All these blessings have helped me to see that this life provides true
satisfaction and true happiness. The important quality that Jehovah have told me is love.
I felt that love from my family, from Jehovah, from my friends. I learned that
we're talking to love people and that's what you're supposed to do. Working closely with Jehovah,
I really feel part of his family. When you give your faith to Jehovah, you're giving your life to him.
He's permitted these things to come up on there. I knew that, but he protected me.
When I meditate and think about what Jehovah has done for me and Leile, I don't have to be afraid.
Jehovah is my secure refuge because life's may change, but Jehovah does not change.
Choosing to serve Jehovah was the best decision I have made in my life.
What beautiful expressions. Did you notice what helps a person qualify for baptism?
It's studying the Bible, attending meetings, having a share in the ministry, and prayer.
It was obvious that these brothers and sisters were so happy they had made the decision to get baptized.
For some, the road to baptism takes much effort, but when that day comes, it marks a turning point
in their life. We'll see that in our next video.
My parents separated, which came as a huge shock to me.
It was devastating, and the consequences just seemed to roll on for decades.
I would go and start the farm with my father for school holidays,
but my dad, he abused alcohol and smoked cigarettes and used bad language.
So by the time I was a teenager, I was doing exactly the same thing.
In my later teens, I was smoking marijuana every day,
and I was spending up to four nights a week at pubs and clubs and parties.
I was addicted to alcohol, cigarettes, marijuana, and pornography, and I had no power to stop.
Obviously, it was only a matter of time before that lifestyle affected my health.
I lost my social skills, and I became depressed.
The turning point in my life came one afternoon when two of Jehovah's Witnesses knocked on my door.
Because of feeling so lost and so unhappy, I had started to search for answers,
and I'd begun looking at new age teachings.
The timing felt too remarkable to be just coincidence.
I really felt like God wanted me to take the book.
I never looked at new age teachings again.
I started to read the greatest men book instead.
A major key for me to be able to make the necessary changes was to cut off bad association.
I was baptized in March 1994.
When I finally took that step, I felt like I'd started on the right path.
I was so grateful that Jehovah had found me and that he'd drawn me.
I really fell in love with the thoughts of Psalm 8, verses 3 and 4.
I Jehovah, when I see your heavens, the works of your fingers,
the moon and the stars that you have prepared.
What is mortal man that you keep him in mind and the son of earthling man that you take care of him?
I felt so insignificant, and yet Jehovah knew me.
The hope of everlasting life also really touched my heart,
and so did Jehovah's forgiveness.
I felt so grateful that Jehovah could forgive me for all of my wrongdoing,
and that I could have a fresh start.
When we were invited to start circuit work, I had serious doubts about my inadequacies.
I was not fast at preparing talks.
For me, it always felt like trying to fit a square peg into a round hole.
But the very morning, after receiving our assignment to go on the circuit work full time,
my Bible reading was Exodus, chapters 3 and 4,
where Moses cited his inadequacies to Jehovah that he was not a fluent speaker.
Of course, Jehovah asked him, who is it that assigns a mouth?
It was like Jehovah was saying to me,
don't worry, I will help you.
To make the changes that I did in life, I'm just so grateful to Jehovah.
Before I learned the truth, I was lost.
I didn't know who I was.
I was just a mess.
I wanted to be a man, and I didn't really even know how to do it.
Jehovah has rebuilt me from the ground up.
Jehovah has given me everything.
We can learn a lot from this experience.
Some people like Andrew have lives filled with challenging problems.
Yet by developing a relationship with God, Andrew said,
Jehovah has rebuilt me from the ground up.
We saw that major changes may be needed to make spiritual progress.
In Andrew's case, he cut off bad association.
Finally, Andrew's experience shows that baptism isn't the end of the journey.
He continued to grow spiritually.
But what if you've been raised as one of Jehovah's Witnesses?
Are you thinking about getting baptized?
Have you made baptism your personal goal?
Getting baptized when you're young can lead to a life filled with rich blessings.
With that in mind, I'm so happy to welcome today a very dear friend of mine,
brother Robert P. Johnson.
RP, welcome to the program.
Thank you, Mark.
I appreciate being here.
Now, you're here, RP, because you are a wonderful example of someone who has had a life
filled with blessings in Jehovah's service.
I know that your family goes way back in the truth.
In fact, I understand that your great grandfather learned the truth in brother Russell's time,
even before 1914.
That's right.
So that means you're a fourth generation witness.
But now, like so many who are watching our program, you were a little boy
growing up in a congregation of Jehovah's people.
So how did you come to the decision that you wanted to dedicate your life to serve Jehovah and
then get baptized?
Well, Mark, thinking back, I can identify at least two outstanding influences in my life.
And the first was my parents, having that heritage in the truth helped me.
I was just an average kid in my early years.
But the parents instilled in me a desire to please Jehovah and make it my life to do that.
They said goals before me.
They taught me the truth.
I learned enough from them to be able to make a dedication to Jehovah God and to have a close
relationship with him. And so early on, that's what I did.
I remember that evening, after supper, in my bedroom, praying to Jehovah to accept my dedication.
The date was May 25, 1949. I was 11 years old at the time.
I told my parents and they were happy, but they just wanted me to wait longer to make sure,
especially how I would handle the teenage years and so on.
So I would.
And so then when did the moment come for you to finally get baptized?
I was at the 1953 International Convention, Yankee Stadium, New York, on July 22, 1953,
that I was baptized. And again, I remember that like it was yesterday.
When I came up out of the water, I thank Jehovah for that.
Finally, I am one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
And I also, like a child, added, you can bring the end anytime now.
So you mentioned your parents the good influence they had on you, but was there another
influence on you that helped you? Yes. At the 53 Convention, brother Nor had identified that
there would be a special program for training people in the truth. And from the congregation,
there was a brother of the anointed named Charles Richardson.
And my father asked Brother Richardson to train me in this training program.
And Brother Richardson was a mentor to me for the next five years of my life.
Over the years, he helped me view the ministry as an opportunity to help people
develop a relationship with Jehovah. And therefore, to reach out to them in teaching them the truth,
the doctrinal truth, but to help them to see Jehovah as a real person. And he helped me to enjoy
the ministry. That is what has kept me happy in Jehovah's service down to this day.
Now, just from your expressions and what you talked about with me before, I could see that this
brother Richardson had a tremendous impact on your life. And I think it really made you want to be
a trainer of other people because that's how I first met you, right? Right. You were the
brother assigned to be my trainer when I came to the service department. I remember that fondly.
And I know that I'm not the only one. I mean, you've really spent your whole life training other people.
Well, they spent a privilege. And I was trained. I was helped along the way. I was nobody special,
but Jehovah's extended undeserved kindness to me and made all these things possible. So there's
no excuse for me not passing along the baton. And it's a delight for me to see others carry it.
So now let's come back. You're 15 years old. You get baptized, Yankee Stadium.
And now as a result of being baptized at this age, how do you feel you were benefited?
For one thing, you know what you want to do. And you stay focused on it. It makes it easier to deal
with whatever challenge come later. And so being dedicated and baptized early in life helped me
to stay focused on the truth. I still remember that dedication. It means something to me. And I tried
to make it mean something to others. For as young as they can possibly make it. And they'll find
the same thing I found. Jehovah's blessing will be with them. So now at 15, what doors start to open
up? What opportunities come to you? Because you are a baptized brother. At age 17, I was appointed as
a ministerial servant. I started pioneering right out of high school at age 18. And served
in where the need was greater. I got a chance to work at starting a new congregation. And so
at 21, I was a congregation servant or an elder at that point. Then there was a need. The
organization was looking for brothers who could do traveling work. So at age 25, I had the privilege
of being a traveling overseer. So now how did you feel? Being elder at 21, being a circuit overseer at
25 was a little bit overwhelming at such a young age? I was scared. I knew the truth. But I was
uncertain about myself. But then I also know Jehovah would help me. I learned a lot as a young
traveling overseer. And I thanked Jehovah that the people in the circuits that I served
endured those three years. But now that was the challenges. But what do you see as being the
benefits of having a young traveling overseer? For the congregation, they had somebody who could
stay out and feel service long hours. And also, the younger traveling overseer could relate to the
young people and the younger adults in the congregation. There were other benefits that even
today, different ones that I served in earlier circuits, bringing forth to me. For example,
after having a good time in field service and then the meetings, I would do recreational
things with the kids. And we ran track out in the streets and we played board games, softball,
basketball. And then we had good times just talking about the truth. And also talking about how
you can put your ministry first. And there's plenty of time for seeking a mate later.
So now for a time, you were serving as a single brother. But at some point that changed. When did
that happen? I have enjoyed the best of two worlds. I enjoyed singleness and the blessings Jehovah
gave me. But when I was 28 years old, I married a beautiful pioneer sister. And I had already gotten
adjusted in my circuit work. This was my second circuit. So thanks to Jehovah, we were able to
be married. And to this day, Gracie and I continued in full-time service after 52 years of marriage.
So RP, you started with circuit work. And then later you went on to district work.
Right. And then you were teaching the Kingdom Ministry school. And then you got invited to
Bethel. Right. And 31 years at Bethel, right? Oh yes. And now you and Gracie, you're doing a
special pioneer work. Right. In Orlando, Florida. So more than 60 years of full-time service to Jehovah.
It's because of Jehovah's blessing. And it has made me happy. So the question I want to ask you
is when you're looking back now, these 60 wonderful years, more than 60 wonderful years,
what would you say to young people who are facing the same decision that you face when you
were a little boy growing up in the truth? It's the best thing I could have done with my life.
And I had many opportunities. Jehovah blessed my humble efforts. As he is blessed,
you and others too. The young people today have even more opportunities because
Jehovah's organization under the leadership of Jesus Christ is expanding and moving fast.
And like Brother Richardson taught me, if you just make yourself available,
then the organization will find a place for you and use you. And that's so true today.
One of my greatest joys is to see the young people take the baton and run with it.
And I have no regrets. There's been no challenge that overwhelmed me and made me regret things.
There were challenges, of course. But with Jehovah's help, well, I'm here today.
And that can be true of our young people. So seize the opportunity while you're young and
experience the blessing that Jehovah gives, those who serve him from youth onward.
RP, it has been such a wonderful joy to have you here on this program. And to hear about your
life filled with joy, your life filled with blessings, all because of the decision you made,
just as a little boy, to dedicate your life to Jehovah and get baptized. Thank you so much.
Thank you. I appreciate talking about it.
Baptism is always a special feature of our conventions and assemblies. We'll see that
in the following report on the special convention held in Mozambique in 2018.
The Mozambique special convention is truly outstanding for so many different reasons.
One thing that has made this convention unique is that we have so many courageous brothers
who have been in prison for their faith from Angola, Korea, Malawi, Zimbabwe, and from some of
the countries in Europe who had to really stand up and set an example. And to have them all here
with our courageous Mozambique and brothers has made this convention so special.
It is very encouraging to be at this special convention. We have spent 10 years in the re-education
camps along with our brothers from Malawi and we are at the same camp and today we are together
at this special convention. It's very encouraging. In 1990 I was judged and condemned to 15 months
of prison in Paris. We were about 100 brothers in prison. They tried to shame us but thanks to
Jehovah we had courage. Today this beautiful convention fills us with even more courage.
I was one of the brothers saving us a bicycle career during the ban. Delivering literature
long distances. It was a difficult way because the police were searching for us. Jehovah blessed
us with courage, giving us a hard without fear. Because of our Christian neutrality we were
imprisoned. Although it was a difficult time, Jehovah gave us courage to endure. And now we are
here together. We really thank Jehovah for that. I was arrested in sentence to six years in prison.
Despite all these difficulties, today I feel very happy. I feel very encouraged.
At this convention we released the Greek scriptures in Suah and Senna.
Thank you very much Jehovah for this wonderful provision. I will surely use it while speaking
upon Jehovah's name in Suah. We are so happy to have this Bible in Suah language. It's easy to
read and it will improve our family worship. Those are the first two local languages in Mozambique
to receive any part of the New World Translation. So it was a very exciting day.
This convention was tied into 18 locations in Mozambique. A total of 1,685 were baptized.
I have faith in Jehovah and want to have a close relationship with them.
Many have commented on the fact that among the 981 that were baptized in Maputo,
there were many young ones. And it just shows that the families here in Mozambique are working
very hard with their young ones to help them to know Jehovah and love Jehovah and to know what
it means to be courageous. To organize a special convention in Africa requires a lot of work
and a lot of planning. But you could truly see the blessing of Jehovah here because everything
has gone so beautifully and the delegates are so happy. You can really feel that Jehovah's spirit
is with us. Before the work was banned in Mozambique, we used to sing to Jehovah. At the camps,
we continued to sing joyfully. Now with the special convention, we continue to sing to our
delegates. Many of the delegates commented that their favorite part of the convention was going out
in the ministry with the local brothers. Even though the brothers may have very limited resources,
they showed them tremendous hospitality. It made a huge impression. Some of the delegates even
said that when they go back, this is going to have a life-changing effect on them.
What a joyous occasion. I'll never forget it. And I trust neither will the 1685 brothers and
sisters who were baptized at that convention. There's nothing like the day you're baptized.
Our new music video captures this in word and song.
Beautiful, original song about the thoughts and feelings we each have when we dedicate our life
to Jehovah. Our program has focused on baptism. We learned that our primary goal in the ministry
is to help people establish their own relationship with Jehovah that moves them to dedicate their life
to him and be baptized. We saw that with Jehovah's help, obstacles in the way of baptism can be removed.
Andrew's experience showed us that baptism can be a turning point in one's life.
We saw that making the decision to dedicate your life to Jehovah when you're young can lead to a
lifetime of joy and rich blessings from Jehovah. We heard from many who successfully made the
journey to baptism and saw the joy and happiness of that special day. Before we close,
let's visit our brothers and sisters in Angola. The Republic of Angola is on the west coast of
Africa. This is a beautiful and geographically diverse land. It's home to the breathtaking
Calendula Falls. The ministry here ranges from the city of Luanda where the territory has worked
every few days to rugged and remote areas accessible only by walking. Angola's population of
some 30 million people includes many indigenous tribes and language groups. About 45 percent of
the population is under the age of 15. Angola has been recovering from a civil war that lasted
27 years. Despite the challenges, many are embracing the truth. Angola is home to more than 160,000
Jehovah's Witnesses. They're conducting over 720,000 Bible studies. An average of 25 people
are baptized every day. 13 congregations are formed every month and an average of 15 new
circuits every year. This has created a tremendous need for places of worship. Currently, more than
300 new kingdom halls and 13 new assembly halls are needed. This is the Malweka congregation in
Luanda. This beautiful kingdom hall was recently completed and is already used by five congregations.
Our dear brothers and sisters in Angola send you their love and greetings. And brothers and sisters,
we love you all very much. From the world headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses, this is J.W. Broadcasting.